‎We had the privilege
‎in the latter part of October
‎and beginning of November
‎to visit our dear brothers
‎in Greece, Ghana, and Malaysia.
‎On Friday, October 20,
we arrived in Athens, Greece.
‎The next day, we had a special program
‎during which the New World Translation
was released in Greek,
‎and I tried to read it,
but it was all Greek to me.
‎The original Greek New World Translation
was released in 1993.
‎But now, 24 years later,
‎they received the revised version,
‎and they were “nothing but joyful,”
‎just like the Israelites during their festivals.
‎The brothers commented profusely
‎about how much more understandable
their Bible is now.
‎And that reminds us of thoughts we still hear
‎about the revised English New World Translation.
‎How we love it!
‎We had more than 31,000
in attendance for the program,
‎including those at the Assembly Hall
‎and those tied in with us,
‎and all of them received
their beautiful new gray Bibles
‎immediately after the release talk.
‎The following video
‎describes well the joy of that occasion.
‎Look at this video.
‎The Governing Body
is so happy to be able to release
‎the revised Greek New World Translation.
‎After spending two additional days
with the Greece Bethel family,
‎we left for Ghana, located in western Africa.
‎On Friday, October 27,
‎we held a combined dedication program
‎for the renovated expanded branch facility,
‎the Ewe remote translation office,
‎and the theocratic school facility,
located not far from the branch,
‎which will primarily be used for SKE classes.
‎On Saturday, we had
a special program in the Assembly Hall.
‎And during this program,
the entire New World Translation
‎was released in the Ga language
‎and the Christian Greek Scriptures
of the New World Translation
‎was released in the Dangme language.
‎More than 16,000 were in attendance
‎at the Assembly Hall and tied in.
‎The Dangme-speaking brothers
‎were on one side of the Assembly Hall
‎and the Ga-speaking brothers
‎on the other side
of the double Assembly Hall.
‎Then on Sunday,
we had a program in the Assembly Hall
‎for the entire branch territory
‎with a talk interpreted into the Twi language,
‎the biggest language
‎among the more than 130,000 publishers
in the country.
‎Here’s a video that captures the spirit
‎of all three events there in Ghana.
‎The program will be streamed
from here to all these three locations.
‎Do you want to dedicate
these expanded facilities here at Bethel?
‎If so, say, “Yes!”
‎Then on Monday, October 30,
‎we left Ghana
for our final assignment in Malaysia.
‎Then on Wednesday,
after morning worship and a brief tour
‎of the small but very attractive Bethel facility,
‎we headed to the airport
for a two-and-a-half-hour flight
‎to Kota Kinabalu on the island of Borneo.
‎And the next day, Thursday, November 2,
‎we held the dedication program
‎for the new Malay remote translation office.
‎What a beautiful,
well-constructed new building this is,
‎and it will be used
to Jehovah’s honor and praise!
‎Then Friday through Sunday,
‎we had the privilege to attend
‎the Malay regional convention
with our dear brothers.
‎The first day of the convention,
‎the New World Translation
in the Malay language was released.
‎Three years earlier,
‎they had received
the Christian Greek Scriptures
‎but now were ecstatic to receive
‎their new beautiful, understandable gray Bibles
‎conveying the very sayings of Jehovah
‎in their mother tongue.
‎We have just one more brief video
‎to show you highlights of our visit to Malaysia.
‎Well, what a privilege it was
to be able to be used
‎as a tool in Jehovah’s hand
‎to strengthen our brothers
in these distant lands!
‎And every trip we take
just convinces us even more
‎of the power of Jehovah’s holy spirit
‎and the fact that we truly have the truth.
‎Everywhere we went,
‎the brothers wanted to make sure
‎that we brought back the love and affection
‎that they have for the Governing Body
‎and the entire Bethel family.